Hawthorne reveals the mistaken intentions of Chillingworth through the anomaly to the dim, dark, and cold imagery in the passage with the light and warmth imagery surrounding Dimmesdales warm love of souls, pure sentiments, natural piety, strengthened by thought and study, and illuminated by revelation.
	The passage is filled with dark imagery everywhere except for in the qualities of Dimmesdale that Chillingworth has determined to be invaluable gold which was perhaps no better than rubbish to him. Chillingworths long search into the ministers dim interior is compared to that of a thief entering a chamber where a man lies only half asleep. Even the light glimmering out of the physicians eyes is burning blue, which is the closest color to black or UV light and is a color also associated with the cold. The light is also likened to the reflection of a furnace, which is the mirror of the light from the furnace which also connotes cold stone walls and the cold air which the furnace attempts to ward off. 
	The illumination and warmth imagery surrounding the qualities of Dimmesdale that Chillingworth is overlooking and the dark imagery surrounding everywhere else in Dimmesdales dim interior suggest that the physician is incorrect in the objects of his search. These precious materials that were turned over were the illumination and warmth that Chillingworth needed to thaw his cold blue veins after the wrongs inflicted on him. The physicians search for redemption deep in Dimmesdales heart was fruitless not because he does not find what he needed, but because he does not need what he wanted.
 Alas, for his own soul, if these were what he sought!





Diction Analysis
	Hawthorne characterizes Chillingworth as careless and destructive in his frantic search for Dimmesdales secret through the word choice of vein in Let us dig a little further in the direction of this vein!
	In the context of the extended metaphor of mining, vein means A regularly shaped and lengthy occurrence of an ore; a lode (WordNik). This means that Chillingworth is systematically digging through Dimmesdale searching for his hidden sin like that of a miner looking for ore. Similar to in mining, Chillingworth cares little about the damage he does to Dimmesdale or himself through the dangers and destructiveness of the mining techniques. Chillingworth is blindly trying to search for the vein of gold whilst never looking back to make sure he did not collapse his last escape tunnel. 
	Chillingworth is further characterized through the usage of the word vein by what the vein means below the surface. According to Wordnik, a vein also is defined as mold in cheese. Mold, once it infiltrates the cheese, will lurk within it and eventually destroy it from the inside out similar to how Dimmesdales sin is destroying him. Through this definition of vein, Chillingworth is not searching for some vein of gold, but rather a vein of mold. Chillingworth may think he is may find redemption, but he is likely to find nothing save mortality and corruption. 
	Chillingworths false search for something redeeming in Dimmesdales heart shows how careless and delusional he is in his lust for revenge after Hesters adultery, and the destruction he is willing to cause to Dimmesdale and himself for the purpose of false redemption.


In The Awakening by Kate Chopin, the character Edna Pontelliers passion for human intimacy clashes with her role in the Creole society as a caring mother-woman. Her constant struggling to cope with the two leave her unable to keep afloat and plunge into the depths of depression, showing the impossibility of living conflicted.
	Edna has a fierce passion for human intimacy. As a younger woman, she had fanciful infatuations with many men she met and was looked down upon for her whimsical and romantic attitude. She meets Leonce and decides to marry him to end her fanciful infatuations and to root herself in society with respect and status and thus begins her repetitive theme of trying to adhere to society.  However, Edna has a second reason for marrying Leonce which is that her family advised her not to. In this one action Edna has confermed her slavery to society while also mocking it. 
	Ednas responsibilities as a Creole mother-woman hold her down from achieving her passion for human intimacy. In the middle of the book, Edna and Robert are able to have an affair with relatively little restriction. Both lovers deny that they are such and are able to live with a clear conscience as they have their affair concurrently with their responsibilities. As their relationship progresses, it is Robert who first realizes the impossibility and fragility of their current state. He flees to Mexico in hopes of separating his passions from his responsibilities. Under the same circumstances, Edna however is not able to let go of her passion for human intimacy. She constantly thinks about Robert and begins to reject her responsibilities rather than her passion for holding her back. Edna begins to neglect her duties as a mother-woman. She casts off more and more layers of her clothing (a common symbol for society or societal constraints)  as she fails go get dinner prepared, doesnt receive Leonces guests and clients, and devotes less and less of her attention to caring for her children. 
	In a conversation with Mademoiselle Reiz, a widow who has freed herself of societal restrictions, she says to Edna that one must be strong to fly above and break free of society, and that one who does not have the strength to keep themselves aloft will come plunging back down.  Edna may be strong enough to break free of her bonds and even her responsibilities, it is her passion that pulls her back down to misery. When Robert returns he explains to Edna why he has left, and that he has realized there is no way for the two of them to be together. He departs with a note saying that he left because he loves her. This unfulfilling return and heartbreaking departure introduce Edna to something that has previously been alien to her: hopelessness. If her responsibilities were a chain hanging from her leg, this is a broken wing.  It is in her hopelessness that she takes her final flight and commits suicide by swimming away in the ocean until she reaches exhaustion and is lost forever. 
	The conflict between Ednas passion for human intimacy and her responsibilities and restraints as a Creole mother-woman tear her apart, and while she can handle both of those forces for a limited period, it eventually exhausts her and hopelessness sets in. The impossible conflict between these forces illuminate the central theme of the book that in a patriarchal society like that of the Creoles, a woman cannot have both passion and responsibility. 
