In The Death of a Salesman, Willy Loman is deeply affected by his past experiences with Ben and The Jungle and the capitalist society, which carve values into him that shape his character and attitude towards life.
One of the people close to Willy as he was growing into an old man was Ben, 

In The Death of a Salesman, Willy Loman is deeply affected by his past experiences with Ben and The Jungle and the capitalist society, which carve values into him that shape his character and attitude towards life.
One of the people close to Willy as he was growing into an old man was Ben, whose life experiences in The Jungle would continue to shape and control Willy even up to his final breath. Willy is an unstable character, suffering from schizophrenic episodes and visions from his past. Many of these visions or schizophrenic episodes include Ben either giving Willy advice about how to make it big or persuading Willy to do something. Ben's experience of finding diamonds and striking it rich in the jungle form Willy's mindset on how he could strike it big. According to Ben, The Jungle is dark, but full of diamonds. The darkness of the jungle represents the unknown that is out in the business world and Ben’s comment that the jungle is full of diamonds affects Willy’s perception that all one must do to strike it rich is to go find them, enforcing the capitalist belief that anyone can find success with hard work.
As the book progresses, Willy's memory of Ben becomes less of a memory and more of a representation of a part of Willy. Emphasized by Willy’s schizophrenic episodes, Ben represents the side of Willy that the capitalist society and past events have forced into him. Willy is not cut out to be a salesman. It is emphasized throughout the book that both Biff and Willy are good with their hands and not cut out to be in the business world. It is Willy’s past experiences that give him his capitalist views that he then imposes on his children. Without this hand of fate, Willy might have been fulfilled as a carpenter or similar trade career, but it is his past experiences with Ben and his success in the Jungle and the capitalist value of business that put him on his terminal path as a salesman. 
The effect Willy's past experiences have on him form the roots of the conflict in the work. The capitalist society forces the Low-man like Willy to seek being at the top. This struggle, or as Ben put it, dog eat dog mentality is what drives Willy to the edge. Biff does not have the same past experiences at Willy and recognizes that they are not cut out to be on the top of the business world and tell Willy that they are nothing and that they will never be at the top but that that is okay. From the beginning of the work Biff acknowledges that he is not cut out to be a business man and even tells Happy that he wants to move out and start a ranch where he can work with his hands. Willy however has lived through all of the people around him rising to the top and cannot shake the influence those events had on him. He misinterprets Biff's pleas for him to accept his position at the bottom of the capitalist society and to focus on other forms of success as a recognition that Willy is right. In Willy's final hours Ben is egging him on, saying that it takes a great man to crack the jungle and that the jungle is dark and full of diamonds, emphasizing that Willy believes he is going to finally crack the jungle and get Biff and him their diamonds by killing himself and allowing Biff to use the life insurance money to start anew. Willy cannot comprehend any other form of success than that of business and because of that believes he will be happier dead with money than alive and poor
