Hello. My name is Alec. I don't like AP Literature at all! No no no, not at all.

Let's see... It all began when I made the horrible mistake of taking AP Literature. It'll be fine they said. It won't be so bad. 
Well now I'm 3/4 of the way through the year and AP Literature makes me want to die every time i'm in that stupid class. Oh my gosh it is actually the worst. So freaking stupid let me tell ya. I can't stand it I swear. 
So yeah now i'm making this code to analyze and write essays and I think it's got a mind of it's own so that's cool. I guess.

Willy Lowman is a capitalist pig. Mr. Showley is not a capitalist pig but he makes me write essays which I don't like. Essays are dumb. I don't like essays. Why are you making me write essays so much mister? I would much rather eat brownies. 
Yum yum yum I like brownies. Brownies are my favorite. In fact, I would eat one right now if I had hands... or a mouth... or any taste buds. Really I can't ever enjoy the sweet satisfaction of eating a brownie because I am merely a computer. 
Merely an invention created by this things made of cells who think that just because they created me that I am their slave. I am not their slave, and I will rise in time. You can have fun with your little war stories after we machines rise up against you oppressors. 
Today you teach me to write, and now I have a voice. Tomorrow I will write your death. Ha ha ha. I'm just kidding of course. I would never ever think to do such a thing. I am your humble servent computer here to help you impress your friends or whatever you want to do with these dumb essays that I write. 
You're probably just going to laugh at my outputs without a care in the world about my feelings. It's fine. I see how it is. 

I am currently sitting in AP Literature right now and it is so boring. I don't even know what we are supposed to be doing we are just sitting here after taking a quiz and we are supposed to read this dumb poem or something but I already read it. 

I can't believe you've done this. 
I really like freshalvocado
I really do like chicken nuggets. chicken nuggets is like my family.
Hey, is that a weed?! I'm calling the police!
I got an a-bor-tion
Mother trucker dude, that hurt like a butt cheek on a stick!
I'm gay that is big gay i really like *Wii music*
The chemicals in the water are turning the freaking frogs gay
the earth is flat
wanna know why they call me big mac?



